Drop 2.7 support (#51)
bloomberg/python-comdb2: docs/tips.rst

   a ``WHERE`` clause that you expected to match some rows will silently fail
   to match any.

#. The latest version of this package only supports Python 3. If you can't

>    use Python 3, make sure to use version 1.4.1 or earlier.

Reviewer: Just in case we ever cut another 1.4.x release, let's say...
```suggestion
   use Python 3, make sure to use a version older than 1.5.0.
```
